[Doc] Update Qwen documentation (#9869)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/models/supported_models.rst

    - Models
    - Inputs
    - Example HF Models

>     - :ref:`LoRA (see note) <lora>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - :ref:`LoRA <lora>` (see note)
```

Author: Thank you very much for your changes, I'm not very familiar with the document syntax, I'll take some time to study it

Author: @DarkLight1337  It seems a bit abrupt ,see: https://vllm--9869.org.readthedocs.build/en/9869/models/supported_models.html

Reviewer: Let's remove it from the table then, people can still see the note below.

>     - :ref:`LoRA <lora>` (see note)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - :ref:`LoRA <lora>`
```

| :sup:`E` Pre-computed embeddings can be inputted for this modality.
| :sup:`+` Multiple items can be inputted per text prompt for this modality.

> .. note::
>   Regarding multimodal models, vLLM currently only supports adding LoRA to language model.               
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
  vLLM currently only supports adding LoRA to the language backbone of multimodal models.               

```

| :sup:`E` Pre-computed embeddings can be inputted for this modality.
| :sup:`+` Multiple items can be inputted per text prompt for this modality.

.. note::
  Regarding multimodal models, vLLM currently only supports adding LoRA to language model.               

.. note::
  For :code:`openbmb/MiniCPM-V-2`, the official repo doesn't work yet, so we need to use a fork (:code:`HwwwH/MiniCPM-V-2`) for now.

>   For more details, please see: https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/4087#issuecomment-2250397630             

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more details, please see: https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/4087#issuecomment-2250397630
```

| :sup:`+` Multiple items can be inputted per text prompt for this modality.

.. note::

> - Regarding multimodal models, vLLM currently only supports adding LoRA to language model.               
> 
> 
> .. note::
> - For :code:`openbmb/MiniCPM-V-2`, the official repo doesn't work yet, so we need to use a fork (:code:`HwwwH/MiniCPM-V-2`) for now.
>   For more details, please see: https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/4087#issuecomment-2250397630             

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Regarding multimodal models, vLLM currently only supports adding LoRA to language model.               

.. note::
  For :code:`openbmb/MiniCPM-V-2`, the official repo doesn't work yet, so we need to use a fork (:code:`HwwwH/MiniCPM-V-2`) for now.
  For more details, please see: https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/4087#issuecomment-2250397630             
```

| :sup:`+` Multiple items can be inputted per text prompt for this modality.

.. note::
  - For :code:`openbmb/MiniCPM-V-2`, the official repo doesn't work yet, so we need to use a fork (:code:`HwwwH/MiniCPM-V-2`) for now.
  For more details, please see: https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/4087#issuecomment-2250397630

>   - Regarding multimodal models, vLLM currently only supports adding LoRA to language model.               

Reviewer: Let's have a separate note for this.
